Add remote cluster state documentation (#5726)
opensearch-project/documentation-website: _tuning-your-cluster/availability-and-recovery/remote-store/index.md

node.attr.remote_store.repository.my-repo-2.settings.base_path: <Bucket Base Path 2>
node.attr.remote_store.repository.my-repo-2.settings.region: us-east-1

```
{% include copy-curl.html %}

> Refer [Remote Cluster State]({{site.url}}{{site.baseurl}}/tuning-your-cluster/availability-and-recovery/remote-store/remote-cluster-state/) for configuring settings for remote cluster state. This is required to persist the cluster metadata to remote store.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For more information on configuring settings for the remote cluster state, see [Remote Cluster State]({{site.url}}{{site.baseurl}}/tuning-your-cluster/availability-and-recovery/remote-store/remote-cluster-state/). This is required in order for cluster metadata to persist on the remote store.
```

> For more information on configuring settings for the remote cluster state, see [Remote Cluster State]({{site.url}}{{site.baseurl}}/tuning-your-cluster/availability-and-recovery/remote-store/remote-cluster-state/). This is required in order for cluster metadata to persist on the remote store.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
For more information about configuring settings for the remote cluster state, see [Remote Cluster State]({{site.url}}{{site.baseurl}}/tuning-your-cluster/availability-and-recovery/remote-store/remote-cluster-state/). This is required in order for cluster metadata to persist on the remote store.
```
